fix: [MTM-50497] update sample nodejs microservice (#4142)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/microservice-sdk/http-bundle/node-js-microservice.md

{
  "name": "node-microservice",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "main": "index.js",
  "scripts": {
    "test": "echo \"Error: no test specified\" && exit 1"
  },
  "author": "",
  "license": "ISC",
  "description": "",
  "dependencies": {
    "@c8y/client": "^1023.22.5",
    "@slack/web-api": "^7.13.0",
    "dotenv": "^17.2.3",
    "express": "^5.2.1"
  }
}
```

> You need to adjust the `scripts` object in the `package.json` file manually in order to include a start and build script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must adjust the `scripts` object in the *package.json* file manually to include a start and build script:
```
